Ospdo qa comments changes (#815)
openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption: docs_user/modules/proc_retrieving-network-information-from-your-existing-deployment.adoc

. Repeat this procedure for each isolated network and each host in the
configuration.

> ifeval::["{build}-{build_variant}" == "downstream-ospdo"]

Reviewer: Same comment about the ifeval.

Author: ok

> For Director Operator network configurations please consult the documentation.For more information, see link :https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/17.1/html-single/deploying_an_overcloud_in_a_red_hat_openshift_container_platform_cluster_with_director_operator/index#assembly_creating-networks-with-director-operator[creating-networks-with-director-operator].
> endif::[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about director Operator network configurations, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/17.1/html-single/deploying_an_overcloud_in_a_red_hat_openshift_container_platform_cluster_with_director_operator/index#assembly_creating-networks-with-director-operator[Creating networks with director Operator] in _Deploying an overcloud in a Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform cluster with director Operator_.
endif::[]
```

Author: ok
